Yesterday was a bad day for those with
AI paranoia and a great day for those
who are thirsty for Sam Olman. That's
because OpenAI released Sora 2, their
latest video generation model that's
more physically accurate, realistic, and
controllable than anything we've seen
before. Yes, I did have to buy my invite
code off eBay because I have no friends
in real life. But it was worth it for
the constant stream of hyperpersonalized
AI generated content that's been rotting
my dopamine sensors for the last 24
hours. You might remember this video of
Will Smith eating spaghetti from two
years ago that took the world by storm.
At the time, we humans joked about it
because we could easily tell it was
fake. Then a year later, Generative AI
took another leap forward. And on this
very channel, I said this new video of
Will was nothing to joke around about.
Well, here we are after another year and
another leap, and it's starting to get
weird. The Sora 2 not only creates
incredibly realistic videos, but unlike
the original version, they now come with
sound.
>> Eat it. Eat up your slot, piggies. which
means we can make videos like this with
a simple text prompt. In fact,
everything you're seeing here has been
AI generated by Sora. Oh, oops, not that
one. That's actually real. From anime to
cartoons to fake security camera footage
to realistic cameos of you watching my
videos, it does it all. In today's
video, we'll take a look at all of
Sora's new capabilities and find out if
video creators are about to go the way
of the dodo. It is October 1st, 2025,
and you're watching the code report.
There's an ancient Chinese proverb that
says, "Be suspicious of those who
promise you AGI while delivering slop."
But I think they underestimated how
delicious the slop is, or sloppilicious,
if you will, to my simple monkey brain.
Last week, Meta released Vibes, a new
feed where you can create short form AI
generated videos designed to quote,
"Make it easier to find creative
inspiration." And well, the response
from the public went about as well as
you'd expect. Not to be outdone,
yesterday, OpenAI released Sora 2, which
is either a video generation model
according to the announcement post, or
it's a social network, unless my eyes
are lying to me. If you go on sora.com,
it's clearly optimized for consumption.
The default UI is a for you explore
page. You can like and comment on
different videos. Each creator has their
own profile you can follow, and you can
only join by getting an invite from
someone else. You guys remember
Clubhouse, right? They're pulling out
all the stops to get as much social
media momentum as possible. Basically,
it's a full-blown social network, but
all the content is generated by AI.
Between this and Vibes, it's like we now
have our own infinitely scalable and
always available bore on the floor.
>> Bore on the floor.
Oink for your sausages, piggy. Oink.
>> We all thought Meta was poaching open AI
researchers to accelerate time to
artificial super intelligence. But it
looks like they were actually doing it
to better compete in building out an
infinite AI Tik Tok slot machine. Even
former OpenAI researchers are using it
as an opportunity to ask their former
colleagues if they really want to sell
sugar water their whole lives. There's a
definite vibe shift going on. But don't
worry, Sloppy Sam has assured us that
they're still focused on AGI with almost
all their research effort. And rumor has
it that something big is coming on
Monday. They should be building
something that's actually useful like
Blitzy, the sponsor of today's video.
It's an autonomous development platform
built specifically for large enterprise
code bases, which comes with infinite
code context. That means you can connect
your team's repo and Blitzy's thousands
of specialized AI agents will think for
hours until it understands every line of
code in your entire codebase. From
there, you can type in the features you
want to build and Blitzy will create a
technical plan for your approval, then
generate and pre-ompile the code for
each task. It performs 80% of the
development work autonomously, then
gives you a project guide for the final
20% of human engineering work required
to complete the sprint. Blitzy is
already helping large teams see a 5x
increase in engineering velocity and you
can try it out for free today at
blitzy.com. This has been the code
report. Thanks for watching and I will
see you in the next one.